[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are talking about our human
origins with Peruvian researcher
and author Ricardo Gonzalez who
has had multiple contacts with
extraterrestrial species called
the Apunians.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you.
>> So these beings have
given you information about
the history of Earth
and our human origins.
What can you tell us about that?
[NON-ENGLISH]
>> Through all these
years of contact,
they've provided extraordinary
information about our origins.
It's quite complex
to cover at all.
It speaks about very, very
complex universal events
way before the existence
of human life on Earth
and how these
events have actually
come to affect
humanity, including
the intervention of ET groups
in our evolutionary process.
There have always been
patterns of life on Earth.
They helped or accelerated
the evolution of mankind.
In a very remote
time, they would
have coexisted with ancient
civilizations that were human.
Eventually, they agreed to
go because they recognized
that their presence was actually
causing more problems than it
was helping.
And at that time, they
opted for a protocol
that was observational
rather than direct.
>> For how many years have
they been visiting us, Ricardo?
>> From the beginning,
they have been visiting us.
And when I say
from the beginning,
I'm saying before the
humans were here on Earth.
They designated the Earth as
a good place to seed life.
So it is possible that they
were here from before the moment
when life could be cultivated.
>> At what time did the
Apunians seed the Earth?
>> The Apunians, as I call
this group of ETs that are
in contact with us, they
gave me this information.
But they were not the
ones who participated
in that ancient
period of humanity.
It was other ET civilizations
that seeded life on Earth.
>> Do you know what other
civilizations helped with that?
>> It was actually a team
of different groups of ETs.
But according to
what I've been told,
the scientists that were in
charge of life on this planet
were involved with two
other civilizations--
one from very, very
long ago in a place
that we humans call the
constellation of Cygnus.
And there is
another civilization
that is linked to the
constellation of Pleiades.
According to what
they've told us,
they combined their
efforts to accelerate
the chemical processes of the
planet to harvest a pattern
of life when the
conditions were right.
And when the natural evolution
was able to take off,
it allowed for them to emerge
the first ancient species
of mankind.
>> Were they human?
Was it a human?
Are we descendants
of other humans?
>> There was a natural process
of evolution on the Earth.
According to the ETs,
they accelerated it.
They assisted it.
And while nature was already
walking its own path,
it was being helped
by ET technology.
This caused different types of
species to come upon the Earth,
including the first humans,
the primitive humans.
>> Were you aware of a
species on planet Earth before
the primitive humans came?
Did they have animals,
bacteria, plankton?
Did it start there?
>> The evolution of humankind
began with a harvest that had
different characteristics,
just like if a gardener planted
a garden with all the
plants that he had collected
throughout his life.
So the human being
is a flower that
surged from that new garden
and was assisted in developing
into what is now Homo sapiens.
But before this occurred, other
species that were stronger
had developed and began
to dominate the world.
So within this multipattern of
seeds that was left on Earth,
there was a reptile
species that also
surged in our world that is not
originally from this planet.
It was part of a seed
that had been brought
from another part of the space.
I'm speaking about the
origin of dinosaurs.
Their rise altered
the ETs' experiment.
They did not expect them to
have such a large development.
Then the surge of these types
of reptile species on Earth
put the future of man at
risk because these reptiles
would continue to evolve.
They were a strong
and dominant species.
They would not have given humans
the space to be able to thrive.
Strategically, a
decision had to be made.
One of them was to just
abandon the project
because it was clear that
the humans could not survive.
And the second option
was to clear the road,
to extinguish the species that
was making things difficult.
So 65 million years
ago on Earth, there
was an impact of a supposed
asteroid in the Yucatan
Peninsula that extinguished
the species that we
call the dinosaurs.
It was not an accident.
It was provoked.
The ones that did it wanted
it to look like an accident
because there was a military
operation on Earth that
alerted other ET
civilizations who may not have
been in agreement with this.
This would explain why
ET civilizations that
have a reptile
humanoid evolution
look negatively upon our
placement in the universe.
It is curious that various
scientific studies have been
conducted by paleontologists.
They make projections
using computers.
What would have happened if
some of these reptile species
of dinosaurs had
not been wiped out?
They would have in
time transformed
into humanoid species that
would have walked on two feet.
And their appearance according
to this computer program
would not be that
different from the accounts
of what a lot of people talk
about reptilian species.
But having said
this, there's still
a lot of folklore and
confusion around these accounts
where issues of conspiracies
get mixed up, including
that these reptilians have
ways of taking human form
and that are actually the
presidents of certain countries
in the world.
In my opinion, I do consider
that to be an exaggeration.
Now, the fact that
some of the politicians
do act like reptiles does not
mean that they literally are.
>> Do you believe there
are civilizations before
the dinosaur age
here on planet Earth?
>> I think that there are a lot
of different civilizations that
were involved in our history.
But if we want to study
extraterrestrial civilizations
in the cosmos deeper and link
it to the period of dinosaurs,
we have to look to where
the seed of life comes from.
And that according
to the ETs is Orion.
These were the stars that
our ancestors signaled
to the most with their
stories and legends
or with the very
pyramids in Egypt.
>> Do you believe in
reptilian extraterrestrials?
>> Parting a bit from the
account that I just explained
regarding the dinosaurs as
well as the type of scientific
developments relating to them,
it's not crazy to think that
in other parts of the universe,
there were other entities that
evolved from reptiles.
I think a problem
that exists in ufology
is we tend to negatively judge
the intentions of nonhuman
entities based on
their appearance.
Some will assume that if
they are tall and blond
and look like Nordics, they
are messengers of peace.
But if they look different
from our standards of beauty,
like a creature that has
the appearance of an insect
or a reptile, we
automatically assume
them to be hostile because
of their appearance.
I want to clear up something
because my opinion is
that it's about how they
conduct themselves with us.
It's the information
and the message
that tells us who they really
are and not their appearance.
>> I believe that is a program
here on the planet that people
have been manipulated,
of course,
by the media in the last 100
years here on a fear-facting
agenda.
But if you thought for
a moment, if we stopped
looking at someone,
and we were blind,
we didn't know even
what they were wearing
or what they looked like
but could feel their energy
and could use telepathy
without judgment,
imagine the communication
between the worlds
and even in our
planet how all of us
would get along so much
better because there's
nothing there to feel but the
true essence of that being?
>> Yes, I agree with that.
I think that there
is a common point
in this journey of
seeking that is not
based on the superficial.
It's actually something very
intimate and buried within us.
Human beings-- we're in the
middle of a great situation.
We're in the middle
of a cosmic story that
appears to be fantasy.
And even though it
sounds controversial,
there really isn't such
a thing as good or bad.
It's really our
human perception.
It's just different
perspectives that
is based on their own
survival, their progress.
And sometimes, they
follow different protocols
that differ from our
morals and practices.
There are things
that are considered
chaos in the universe.
It's not all positive.
And some actions
have made slaves
of other civilized
communities in the cosmos.
What I'm saying is that
there have been wars.
And those wars have had
consequences here on Earth.
And I'm not saying
just physical wars,
such as the old traditions
of Earth, wars of the gods,
the battles of the
angels, or what we hear
from ancient Indian traditions.
It's a war that is
primarily psychic.
And the human being is
in the middle of it.
But as you may say,
a lot of people
are walking blind on autopilot.
So one might ask
themselves, why is it good
for me to have this information?
How does it change me to
know these cosmic stories?
These are such extraordinary
pieces of knowledge.
Will it make me be a better
mother, a better father?
Will I pay my taxes on time?
Could I improve my home?
To know this information
will awaken something in you
because it sounds familiar.
You start to recover your
memories and everything
that motivates a human being,
the seeking, the questioning.
And to exit that
autopilot state will
affect every part of your life.
Because if you are
a better person,
and you get past your
own self seeking,
you graduate to what the great
masters used to speak about--
service, compassion.
And that is what the
ETs admire about humans.
I'm going to give
you an example.
Imagine that there's a woman
in the subway in New York,
and then suddenly you
see her small child fall
onto the tracks of the train.
And the train is coming quickly.
It could potentially impact the
little one in just a moment.
What would that human mother do?
She'll jump in.
If it was an ET,
they might calculate
mentally and
mathematically that they
don't have the time to go
down there and save the child.
Even if they have a
wonderful intention,
they realize very quickly
their life will also be lost,
that they don't really have
the options mathematically.
And so they will
decide not to do it.
But our human mother will do it.
And it's very possible
that the moment
she does go down there
and for some type
of technical coincidence, all of
a sudden, the train turns off.
Or there was some obstacle for
the train that stops the train
from killing the child.
It was not part of the equation.
That is called magic.
The mother knew that.
It is the quality of the humans.
It is the capacity
for us to create.
It is the revolution
that is affecting humans.
>> It's miracles happening
every day like that all over
the world.
And that's why they
look up to us actually.
And people think
that we are the--
the extraterrestrial
thinks we're the dumb ones.
But they admire
this energy we have
that is stemmed from love
to go beyond our own selves
and sacrifice ourselves for
each other and the ones we love.
What I'm trying to
do also like you
is to have every
human on the planet
think about that for everyone.
Because together,
we are so powerful,
we can stop more than trains.
>> Totally.
I agree.
When we speak about
love and sacrifice,
I don't think that us
humans can appreciate
what this can really mean.
This includes other worlds.
I have learned another
meaning to the word sacrifice.
For some people, sacrifice--
it's like self punishment
in order to obtain something.
But if we analyze the word,
if we divide it up or at least
in Spanish, it can be
understood this way.
[NON-ENGLISH] It translates
into my sacred job.
In other words, it comes
from the word sacred.
It is the mission that
humans have to find.
It doesn't mean that we
have to deprive ourselves.
But it is to expand
our cosmic vision.
And that involves
contact with others.
Right now, we are speaking
about cosmic disclosure.
And cosmos means order.
When people hear the
word cosmos which
comes from the Greek
language, their minds
go to the legendary
program by Carl Sagan.
They imagine planets,
cosmic things.
But cosmos really
means something else.
It means everything--
order, perfection,
the opposite of chaos.
>> Well, in the cosmos with
what you just explained with all
the different extraterrestrial
civilizations out there
and the different agendas
that they may have,
is there any conflict that
you're aware of going on?
>> There is a reason for
there to be a conflict between
the agendas of
those different ETs.
I will try to
explain it according
to what they have explained.
It's important to
understand a point.
A lot of these contactees
are at a disadvantage
in our communication with
these entities because
of the difference in our
intellect and our comprehension
and because also
we have to assume
that the accounts that
they are telling us
is exactly how we
are interpreting it.
However, I should say although
this might also sound mystical
that this story was
already familiar to me.
It was compatible with my
feelings and my memories.
As I have traveled
the world and I've
studied different traditions,
everything was matching up.
For example, so that I can
better answer your question,
if you go back to
the Sumerian myth
where two sibling gods were
confronting each other.
Enlil and Enki, these
were the two sibling gods.
This is the same
story that we find
in Egypt with Set and Osiris
who were also sibling gods.
So taking all of these different
myths to the ET experience
and in relation to us, there are
two positions or two agendas.
In reality, there's many more.
But I'm going to reduce
them to two basic positions.
One of them believes in
us and in our potential
to develop in this culture of
evolution and learning on Earth
and how it can affect other
people in the cosmos who view
us as their smaller siblings.
And then there's
the other position
that says humans are dangerous.
They fight among themselves.
Their history shows it.
And if they continue
to progress and expand
throughout the cosmos, they will
put our existence in danger.
And so therefore, we
need to avoid this
and to make sure
that doesn't happen.
We need to neutralize them.
And the other ones
say, no, we have
to give them an opportunity.
And that is the point.
So some other groups
observe us to see
how this chess game ends.
>> Well, do you believe there
are any extraterrestrial
influence out there that's
trying to guide the destiny
for the human civilization?
>> Well, I would have to restate
what we spoke about a few
moments ago that the destiny
of the human civilization is
their destiny.
It is the destiny of
all of these groups.
And to be clear with this
answer, the humans and Earth
are not the center
of the universe.
There are many other planets
with other humanities,
other planets that are schools.
They are also being observed.
And they are all part of this.
Also, there's some
information that I will add.
And it may sound crazy
that some of the souls that
lived in those
other planet schools
are actually graduating
to this university
because a lot of them
want to study here.
This is sort of the Harvard
or Cambridge of the universe.
When I was born
in the year 1974,
there was four billion
people on the Earth.
45 years later, now we're
at over 7 billion people.
That is how many souls
are here on Earth.
Why?
Because Earth is a
very special situation.
The destiny of
humanity is not just
the destiny of this humanity.
It's the destiny of
many civilizations.
>> Ricardo, do you believe
there's other influences,
other extraterrestrial societies
here on the planet right now,
in the governments, working
regular jobs that are
influencing our destiny?
>> This is a very complex matter
that we're speaking about.
According to the
information that I have,
yes, there are influences.
I can't be so ignorant
to ignore those.
But to attribute all of
the problems of humanity
to these supposed ETs that are
living as politicians that hide
themselves in the monarchies
of Europe, no one sees them,
yet they allow others to
see their reptile qualities
and that they intake
blood like vampires,
I think that's a different
issue altogether,
which I don't really agree with.
I do think there
is an influence.
But I do think it's more
psychic than physical.
I'm not denying that
there are some ETs that
have been able to camouflage
themselves as humans.
But I don't think
it is to the extent
that a lot of conspiracy
theorists make it seem.
The influence or this
battle is more in our mind.
>> How are they
influencing humans?
You just mentioned that
instead of being themselves,
they can actually
maybe infiltrate a body
and have that vision
of that person.
>> I think that the main
influence is in our DNA
and our history,
that in one way,
we are able to accomplish
extraordinary and positive
things.
But we can also repeat
hostile patterns
of ancient civilizations.
So whoever ordered to drop
an atomic bomb on Japan,
they were not the ETs.
They were humans,
many people that
have performed very
hostile acts upon humanity
from different nations from
different cultures where
no one can call themselves
a hero or innocent
because it is a theme that
I see as a global issue.
They were human.
We have been capable of
doing such beautiful things
on this planet and also the
saddest, most horrific things.
It wasn't reptiles
camouflaged as humans.
It was us that did that.
This is why I say that the
main battle is with ourselves.
Sometimes, in the
duty of taking care
of ourselves or of
taking care of humanity,
we've had to do
very intense things.
I understand that.
But the day will
come where we are
going to evolve because of
love, because of consciousness.
In order to understand this
better, this inner battle
of humans and the cosmic
information that surrounds us,
it's just like
when a person says,
I have suffered
a lot in my life,
or this situation caused
me a great deal of pain,
or this person really failed
me, or this trauma really
broke me into pieces.
But it all made me grow.
One day, we will say
I have grown because
of love, not because of pain.
of knowledge,
not because I keep falling down.
This is what we're reaching for.
Life is a lesson for
us like it is for them.
And it's inevitable.
It's a rule of the universe.
We don't have to keep
running into the same wall
over and over again.
That is the inner battle
of the human being.
Because Emery, these worlds,
these beings, their stories,
their point, everything,
it's all inside of us.
It's in our genes.
It's in the most intimate
part of our being in our mind.
And as we remember
these things, it's
going to activate a
lot of emotions in us.
And you have to be
ready to address it.
>> I agree totally.
That's my belief
system as well to go
through all this pain is OK.
Because if I didn't make
mistakes my whole life,
I wouldn't really get
anywhere and learn anything.
It's like when I go
skiing with my friends.
And I say, if you're
not falling down,
you're not going
to get any better.
And I see the whole world
making huge mistakes.
And I see it as a blessing
because hopefully most of them
will learn from these
mistakes so history
doesn't repeat itself
in this vicious circle,
that we can escalate
ourselves and ascend
into better consciousness
and a better collective love
for the planet.
Ricardo, thank you
for being on the show.
>> Thank you.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]